.\"  -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) EMC Watch4net.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
.\" OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
.\" IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
.\" INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
.\" NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
.\" DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
.\" THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
.\" (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
.\" THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\" $Id$
.Dd $Mdocdate: September 10 2013 $
.Dt POC-ENABLER 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm poc-enabler
.Nd updates Solution Packs to fast-start Proof-of-Concepts
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm poc-enabler
.Op Fl lruv
.Op Fl f Ar file
.Op Fl sp Ar solution_pack
.Oo Fl C\\&
.Sm off
.Oo Ar solution_pack Oc
.Sm on
.Oc
.Ek
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
poc-enabler provides a simple command-line tool for updating SolutionPacks
with answers taken from a master answer file. Tipically this would be used on
Proof-of-Concept (PoC) scenarios, speeding up activities related to
configuring and sanitizing each individual configuration.
.Pp
.Nm
will look for the file
.Ar w4n_poc.csv
and parse it's content, generating 
.Ar .answers
files inside of the
.Ar conf
directory. It is also possible to specify another file (see bellow).
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl f Ar file
Forces
.Nm
to use the specified file instead of
.Ar w4n_poc.csv
.It Fl l 
List all of the installed Solution Packs.
.It Fl r Ar solution_pack .
Removes the selected SolutionPack
.It Fl sp Ar solution_pack .
Updates the specified
.Ar solution_pack .
It is also possible to update several SolutionPacks by reusing this flag
followed by the SolutionPack name (e.g: -sp 
.Pa solution_pack1 
-sp 
.Pa solution_pack2
and so on).
For all of the SolutionPacks being updated, a connectivity test
will be done prior to the update.
.It Fl u
Starts the update mode. This will loop and prompt through all of the Solution
Packs found on the input configuration file (by default
.Pa w4n_poc.csv
).
It is possible to upgrade each individual SolutionPack Each Solution Pack 
.It Fl v
Verbose mode. This will cause to print extra debugging information about its 
progress including the raw output from the connectivity tests.
.It Fl C
Performs a connectivity test for an individual 
.Ar SolutionPack
or for all of the SolutionPacks specified in the input configuration file. For
the former, the use of the keyword
.Ar all
is required.
.Sh CONNECTIVITY CHECKS
Before conducting an update,
.Nm
conducts a few connectivity tests as well as some sanity checks on the
information provided by the master input file
.Pq Ar w4n_poc.csv .
These tests are SolutionPack specific and will range from connectivity
checks (ICMP based, HTTP, Telnet and SSHv2), IPv4 address sanitizing and the 
validation of authentication parameters.
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.Nm
will depend on the following environment to work properly:
.Bl -tag -width "APG_HOME"
.It Ev USER
.Nm
need the same 
.Ev USER
used to install and operate the 
.Ar Watch4net 
solution as the update commands 
.Pq Ar manage-modules.sh
required some privileges. By default this user is
.Ar apg
but this may be different on your environment, please refer to your
install notes.
.It Ev APG_HOME
The path of 
.Ar Watch4net
install. By default it is set to 
.Ar /opt/APG/ .
.El
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width Ds -compact .It /opt/APG/PoC/conf/*.answers
This directory is the default location for all SolutionPacks specific answers
files used during the update process.
.Pp
.It /opt/APG/PoC/conf/w4n_poc.csv
This is the master file used to extract answers for all of the individual 
SolutionPacks.
.Pp
.It /opt/APG/PoC/conf/logs/*.log
This directory is the default location for all log files. These files are
divided into individual SolutioPacks.
.Sh AUTHOR
.Nm
initial work by Diego Casati with many contributions from Florian
Coulombel and Blaise Grizard.
